interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 3(week 3): -45 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 4(week 3): -45.79 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 5(week 4): -12.44 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 5(week 5): -360.14 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 5(week 9): -228.29 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 3(week 26): -59.056 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 5(week 27): -15.976 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 2(week 33): -170 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 2(week 34): -129.005 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 5(week 40): -50.68 min
interviewer 1 has extra hours on the day 2(week 43): -273.74 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 3(week 1): -45 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 1): -264.95 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 2): -245.79 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 3): -171.58 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 4): -78.72 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 2(week 5): -370 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 3(week 5): -45 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 6): -142.54 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 7): -18.24 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 8): -68.24 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 12): -145 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 13): -70 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 14): -45 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 2(week 16): -345 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 3(week 18): -20 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 18): -95 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 19): -20 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 20): -195 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 25): -95 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 4(week 26): -34.056 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 28): -27.912 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 2(week 29): -473.584 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 4(week 29): -22.36 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 30): -271.792 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 32): -49.5023 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 2(week 33): -120 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 35): -198.8 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 36): -206.223 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 2(week 41): -54.55 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 3(week 43): -295 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 4(week 43): -21.87 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 46): -97.45 min
interviewer 2 has extra hours on the day 5(week 47): -263.83 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 4(week 2): -96.58 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 3(week 8): -195 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 2(week 9): -343.24 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 4(week 9): -118.24 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 11): -20 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 3(week 13): -95 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 4(week 14): -95 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 15): -120 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 4(week 16): -670 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 22): -270 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 3(week 24): -145 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 25): -120 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 3(week 26): -194.16 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 27): -229.576 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 30): -96.792 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 31): -251.872 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 2(week 33): -104.005 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 4(week 34): -95 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 3(week 38): -28.72 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 2(week 40): -56.36 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 5(week 41): -29.5086 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 2(week 44): -236.8 min
interviewer 3 has extra hours on the day 2(week 45): -36.8 min
interviewer 4 has extra hours on the day 3(week 10): -87.36 min
Summary: 68 interviewers have extra hours in some days